# Real-time event monitoring on social media based on Twitter

**Project Git-Hub link:**

**Program running environment:**

`Python version:3.8.3 (default, Jul  2 2020, 17:30:36)  [MSC v.1916 64 bit (AMD64)]`
`tweepy version:3.10.0`
`pymongo version:3.11.2`
`emoji version:0.6.0`
`requests version:2.25.1`
`numpy version:1.19.2`
`nltk version:3.4.5`


## Programs are stored in four folders:
### 1. Data_crawl

##### **<u>`crawler.py`</u>**

------

**What it does: hybrid architecture of Twitter Streaming & REST APIs. **

`./original_data/stream.json` : Streaming API crawls data stored in this file.

`./original_data/rest.json`:REST API crawls data stored in this file.

------

##### **<u>`statistical.py`</u>**

**What it does: Count the Twitter data that has been crawled. **

`./original_data/3.29.1_rest.json`: Data crawled in by the REST API is read in from this file

`./original_data/3.29.1_stream.json`:Data crawled in by the streaming API is read in from this file

------

##### **<u>`LSH.py`</u>**

------

**What it does: local sensitive hash algorithm is used for Twitter text clustering **

`./LSHdata/LSHdata.json`: Read the raw data from this folder and cluster it.

------

##### **<u>`singlepass.py`</u>**

------

**What it does: single-pass algorithm is used for Twitter text clustering ** 

`./singlepass_data/singlepassdata.json`: Read the raw data from this folder and cluster it.

`./textGrouped.json`: After executing `singlepass.py`, the clustered data is generated in this file, in `JSON` format

------

##### **<u>`rankText.py`</u>**

**What it does: Read the data in the `./textGrouped.json` generated by **<u>`singlepass.py`</u>**, and do group priority sorting and term priority sorting **

`./textRanked.json`: The prioritized groups and terms are stored in this `JSON` file




### 2. media_download
##### <u>`id_collection.py` and `rest_crawler.py`:</u>

------

***What it does: Use Twitter-API, `Tweepy`, to crawl text and image data from Twitter with a certain keyword***

------

###### Usage:

1. Open r`est_crawler. py` and modify the values of `self.proxy` and `self.query` according to your own proxies

2.  Set the search keyword: `self.query`

3.  In the penultimate line, `clean_dir` means that the folder temp_data and picture will be cleaned initially, i.e. the history will be deleted, and used with caution

4.  In the penultimate line, `since_id` means to find tweets with a larger ID than this, i.e. the latest tweet, for update use

5.  If it is non-updated status, `since_id` is set to NONE, and there is no time limit. The crawler will crawl all tweets that can be crawled within the time limit (currently about ten days)

6. The crawler crawls in order from the latest tweet to the previous tweet

7.  If you update the status, set `since_id` to the maximum ID of the last crawl, which is usually `all_result.json` or the first line of `updating_all_result.json`, and the crawler will retrieve tweets with a larger ID than this one, which is the updated Twitter after the last crawl.

8. Open `id_collection.py` and set four information, including `Tweepy` account and developer permissions.

9. After the above setup,  run `crawler.py` directly

   

   ------

   ###### Folder introduction:

   1. The  `tem_data` folder holds all the text files of the search results.

   2.  `Picture` folder holds all the downloaded picture files.

   3. `tem_data` /`all_result.json` file stores all search results, regardless of whether there are images, one line one tweet, `JSON` format, stores all key and value pairs.

   4. `tem_data`/`tweets_with_picture.json` file stores tweets with images, one line one tweet, in `JSON` format, and stores only the ID, FULL_TEXT and image links.

   5.  The `tem_data`/`updating_all_result.json` file holds all the updated search results to distinguish them from the non-updated results.

   6. The `tem_data`/`picture_download_error_tweets. JSON` file saves the tweets that have a picture link but download the wrong picture, and does not count in the database that is finally saved.

   7. The format of the picture in the picture folder is: ID of the picture corresponding to tweet + picture format.

      ------

      ##### **<u>`video_download.py`</u>**：

      ------

      ***What it does: Download the video from the Twitter stream and store it in the Video folder***

   


### 3. `event_method1`
Execute  `mian.py`, the detected events are stored in the `./results`  in the format `txt`.

### 4. `event_method2`
Execute  `event.py` ,read the original data from `original_data.json` for event detection and output the results in the console.


